[//]: # (Links)
[debug]: /Administrators/debug "Debug information"

[//]: # (Pictures)

[//]: # (Content)

## What information contains the debug section?

In the debug section you will find information about the interface, processes, server, user and PHP.

Interface information contain:

* **System name** of the Interface.
* **Version** you are using.
* **Edition** of the interface like enterprise.
* **Path for configuration** - Shows you the path to your configuration.
* **Path for backups** - Shows you the path to your backups.
* **Command interface** - Shows you the path to your command interface.

Process informations will show you if the processes are running.
It will look on these processes **Monitoring engine**, **Database connector**, **Perf. data processor** and **phpNSTA**.

Server information contain:

* **Address** - Shows the IP-Address of your server.
* **Webserver** - Shows on which engine your web server runs.
* **TLS** - Shows if TLS is on or off.
* **PHP version** - Shows your PHP version.
* **Memory limit** - Shows your PHP memory limit.
* **Max. execution time** - Shows your PHP maximum execution time.
* **Libraries** - Shows you which libraries usage your PHP supports.
* **Load average** - Shows your average CPU-load in a diagram.
* **Memory usage** - Shows you your current memory usage in a chart divided to used, cached and buffered memory.
* **Swap usage** - Shows you your current swap usage in a chart.
* **Disk usage** - Shows you your current disk usage in a chart divided by mount points.

User information contain:

* **Your OS** - Shows what operation system you have on your device.
* **Your browser** - Shows your browsers user agent string.
* **Your Address** - Shows the IP-Address of your device.

PHP information are your whole configuration generated by

````php
<?php phpinfo(); ?>
````
